hi everybody Jimmy Z here the big Jimmy
Z daily commentary this one is for fun
it was a couple three or four days ago
I'm driving in the car and I realized
all of a sudden that who got chukka
remember in case you didn't hear my show
over the weekend I talked about this
there was the big song back in I think
1978 1977 it was a remake of BJ Thomas's
huge hit hooked on a feeling by blue
suede and it started off with this
horrendous who got Chuck oh go go got
chuck up and I realized all of a sudden
when I was driving my car that fateful
day that Oh chucka you can be used with
about any song you can think of and it
doesn't necessarily make the song better
it depends on your point of view if you
like that watch occur which I remember
when that song came out the original was
1969 BJ Thomas and then blue suede came
out I think I was 17 so what would that
be that would be 1975 I think anyway
whatever it was blue suede comes out and
I remember the first time I heard that
song the family had a light blue
two-door Volkswagen Golf and I was
driving that I gotta know if I was going
to school or or from school but I'm
listening to the radio and all of a
sudden that song comes on Wooga Chuck go
go go Chuck and I thought what in the
world is this and I hated it and now of
course I mean I don't like the song but
it brings back good memories and so I
hear that it's amazing how songs kind of
make that transition over time that even
though you didn't like the song it
brings back good memories and so it's
it's actually tolerable now so I'm
driving in my car and I've got this huge
oldies collection on mp3's in the car
like 400 songs and I'm listening and all
of a sudden I realize
that you could do who got chukka with
just about anything so first off this is
the way the song the original song by
blue suede went who got choco go go go
go go go go go go go go girl you just
don't realize what you do to me you go
go go gunshot go
when you hold me in your arms so tight
you let me know everything's all right
and that is the way the song went by
blue suede hang on a second I'm gonna
turn off the reverb okay so I'm
listening to oldies in the car and a
song comes up and here's what happened
all right so I'm sitting in the car and
I'm laughing pretty hard and I would I
stopped
fine didn't do it the whole song and I'm
driving and paying attention to what's
going on around me and the next song
comes on
go go go go go go go all right and so it
went on and on like that and I started
wondering what's it gonna be like with a
ballad will this even work such as it is
is it gonna work with a ballad and this
one came up
who gotcha
go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go
okay so after a while in the car I
realized that I had ruined enough songs
enough classic songs enough great big
hits from the 60s and the 70s so I
figured I should do one of my own songs
alright that's gonna do it with this
nonsense
I'll be back with something more
substantial tomorrow Jimmy Z and the big
Jimmy Z show returns next weekend until
then Jimmy Z from the left coast